Impression, I remember you said before,
You like Gu Chen, right?
But what's the use of thinking that I like him?
I went to see him, but he ignored me.
Oops, man?
It's all the same, be more proactive,
Take him down sooner or later.
And I can help you, really?
Well, there is a good opportunity right in front of us.
Tomorrow Gu Chen will take charge of the newly opened golf course.
When the time comes, my slightly married husband and I will also go.
You dress up nice and sexy, go over here
When the time comes, I will help you create a chance to create a solo server. Understand. I'm sorry. You're welcome.
We are good minus internal escorts
I mixed the two today
I'll find out
It’s live broadcast from an online live broadcast base in North District
How it must be
Don't hide either
That webcast base
It's the North District
The North District already has him.
what actor
Then take the information that seems to be at your fingertips
I sent a bag
Waiting for your review, I will report it on the third network.
Let's play together for a few weeks in advance, okay, okay?
You are also happy
Even if you beat me, I won’t ask for a second hand
All done